Project Design
ABOUT:
The system of a properly maintained Appointment System work involves a lot of important
decisions that should be made in the most reliable and quicker ways. Nowadays, it is hard to
implement it without a distinct hospital management system due to all the complexities faced in
getting an appointment causing a massive delay in time and work. The system present here is
integrated software that handles different directions of clinic workflows.

Working:
The main motive behind the working of the system is to simplify the appointment method and
increase the flexibility of the appointment system by providing access to an easier way of
communicating and appointing fixtures for the treatment of the patient and a less complex working
environment for hospitals and clinics too.
The interaction is made easy for both sides by providing a medium of support to let the
expectations reflect as it is desired by the same. Along with this accommodation, terms of privacy
are also taken into consideration with the user support including feedbacks and questions which
would be deliberated for the sake of a satisfied user.
The system works under a proper set of distinctions for both sides. The first one is on the patient’s
side where the request of many patients are collected and assigned to the doctor.
The other lies on the doctors and admin side of the appointment system where the availability of
the doctor is kept into consideration before assigning it to the patient and after this procedure, the
approval towards an appointment fixture is decided.
HELPDESK AND SUPPORT HELP IN HANDLING THE RISKS AND ISSUES UNDER THE
REQUEST OF USER, IT ENSURES THE VALIDITY AND LEGIT DATA IN ACCORDANCE.
The Working uptill now will include the overview of workdesk for both patient and doctor,
the login/register page,a covid section and information about the website alongwith the 
description to it for the acknowledment desk.
The design interface of the website is almost ready and is displayed in the coming screenshots with a 
final finish it will be upgraded soon.

Advantages over other Appointment Systems:
The doctor appointment system to make appointments easy and reliable for a complex workplace
being a hospital or clinic will bring a positive difference to the management with the extension to
many more developments made in this system through regular innovative ideas to bring it to the
finest with easier compatible and adaptive features for our users.
This appointment system will contain all the basic needs of directing to the best nearest doctor
with the means of providing access towards communication in different available languages which
would make it easier for people to cooperate in any domestic region too.
The system is already an improvised version of other appointment systems. Along with, this
advantage the users will also receive the benefit of staff interaction to manage their availability
according to their needs under reachable doctors.
This will save a lot of time for both sides. 
In this situation of hard times where many people are sufferig from the pandemic and even are looking 
helpless in terms to get beds or hospitals, with respet to all the other system where this website will 
hold an advantage to display features and a seperate section to covid displaying all the present cases, signs of symptoms,
preventions and even help find hospitals nearby with a navigation API which would include a map for the closest hospitals
 to make it way much convenient for the patient.
Conclusion:
The hospital/clinic's needs or emergencies are necessities that all citizens do require for a healthy
life. The appointment system under hospitals/clinics is quite complex and to simplify it, this system
will benefit all with a reliable and compatible service.
It makes the day-to-day workplace of appointments under a hospital/clinics work smoother and a
quick medium to cooperate for avoiding many unwanted hindrances.
A reliable source to find and register for beds in the pandemic just by using it on home and avoiding the long procedures.
If not available they can even chat with doctors and consult them for home treatment and the remedies they can try to get better at home.

Innovation in model/design/solution:
